As you already know, conversions,
optimizing conversions depends
on many things, but what is
clear is that all use a common
medium and it is the website
or landing page.
Therefore, one of the keys to
optimizing conversion is to
optimize conversions within the
website itself and that's what
we'll learn today.
We will follow a simple method
that basically consists of
four steps.
One, as always, identify
what the goal or goals
are, that is, what those
conversion ratios we have
to optimize.
Two, let's do an analysis
of what's going on on the
website to see what's not
working well, what's failing,
or what's what we can
improve.
Three, we'll implement improvements,
some improvements, little by little,
to see how those improvements
impact our goals.
We start.
Step one, as always, is to
be clear about the objectives.
Here we return to a concept you
know that are macro conversions
and micro conversions and
in each web or for each company
the macro conversions
and micro conversions will
be different, but here I will add
a concept, I will incorporate
the concept of call to action,
the call to action that is
the call to action.
Why is?
It is very easy to find
out what conversions are.
They are call to action.
You do incorporate within your
web a few buttons, usually they
are buttons, although they do not
have to be, it could be a text,
some links where you encourage
customers to click because
basically it is what there is
infinity, because there are
all types.
Subscribe to a newsletter,
leave us your data, make a free
trial, buy, recommend to a
friend, etc.
There are thousands of calls
to action.
Well, what we have to do is,
we are in the first of the steps,
it is to have clear what are those
call to action, what are those
conversions we want, we have macro
and micro conversions, those
that are, usually are not
many on the web page and we
have to measure the conversion
ratios for each of those
conversions.
The important thing here is to segment
well, as we always say.
Why is?
Because we have to measure
conversions for each of them,
for different traffic sources
or for each of the customer
segments, etc.
It is important to do so.
Well, we already have clear that
these are the goals, the ratios
we want to optimize, concrete
ratios and for each of the segments.
And now what we have to do is
identify what is going on on
the website, what is what may
not be working well, because
only so will we know what is
what we can improve.
And you think the following.
We have a conversion of 10% on two
levels, a micro conversion
of I and a macro conversion
in sales of 10%.
This data is good, it is bad, it
is that we have no idea, we do not
know and we do not know, only with
this data we do not know what is happening
on the website.
We do not know if there is any of
the ones, within our website the
main product page is very badly
made and is not understood.
We don't know if customers have
a page they always go to or what
they don't understand.
We have no idea.
So, as you have no idea, you go
blind and then you can't improve
anything.
The second step is to do a
very deep analysis of everything
that is happening on
your website.
And this is a challenge.
And how will we do it?
We will do this by combining two perspectives.
One, that's the usual thing
in Analytics and that's what everyone
does.
One, measuring many things, many
data, many metrics.
And we will do it with
tools like Google Analytics or Quizmetrics
or tools like that, that when
we get into the detail of how
analytics works, you will
understand what I am talking
about.
This will allow us to have a
view of our website from the perspective
of metrics, of very much information,
of very much
data.
Data such as, not only of the
conversions, which are the basic, but,
for example, the bounce rate, which
is the percentage of visits
that without having browsed the web
page, that enter, do not interest
them and go.
Or the exit rate of each of the
pages, which is, of each of the
pages, what percentage of visits
are going there?
This is valuable, because if, for example,
it turns out that on one of your pages
you have a very high exit rate,
because there is something going on
there.
Or we can measure metrics
related to engagement, for
example.
How much time do average
users spend on our website?
The more it is, is it better, right?
Because that's what your content is
interested in.
How many media pages do you see?
This is also a metric that is very
related, because that, with engagement.
You are creating attractive
content, helping them
navigate, and so on.
To what we were going.
These are metrics and this is what we
will do with pure analytics, but
we have to have another perspective,
because metrics explain us, give us
information about what is what
happens, right?
But we have to go to why it happens.
We have to understand why the customer
results that on that particular
page where the exit rate is very
high, why he goes.
What is?
Because it is boring, because it generates
anxiety the message, because it is
not understood.
Well, it can be millions of things,
but we have to go, we have
to always understand
why.
We have to take the role of
customers.
A lot of people do not do this.
How can we do it?
There are different tools, but
they are relatively simple.
For example, we can
use survey tools.
For example, Qalaroo allows you
to incorporate within your website
in some of the pages, because to
incorporate a survey that jumps and
ask the customer, for example,
does it seem that we have
explained the price plan well?
For example though.
Or we can use tools that help
us, of different types,
that help us to understand or
visualize how users are using
our website, which are tools
that are called user testing.
I will give you an example.
We can create a hit map that
we have on screen where we
see how our users are browsing,
where they are browsing more.
Imagine, for example, that your
main call to action or the most
powerful message you have, because
it is in an area that users
don't reach.
We can see all this by
looking at a hit map.
And another tip to get
insights, to understand why or
how customers are using
your website, is as simple
as asking them.
Or it is so objective that they use
your website, see how they do it
and on the march ask them questions
about what doubts are arising to them, etc.
Very few people do this.
There are millions of experts in Google
Analytics who get crazy with data
and so on.
And that is very well.
This is a necessary perspective.
But let's never forget the customer'
s perspective of talking to
people, because you get a valuable
feedback.